okay what we're gonna do

here is we're going to look at a game
the I

didn't really finish as you can see here
theres

ingame script in which is really nice

hope we will actually use any party that

his CIA load level and the has blocking
so here's the frame rate high

in the interface is still usable even
we're loading level

the

game is physics Triveni uses the name
physics engine here you can see me

toddling

different view layers for stuff like fog
in my 10

the lighting is retraced and baked into
the map data

how you can see me messing with

the basically legislators for things
like hue and saturation and there's a

color eyes filter for you can make the
game have with the CP er dreamlike stay

Ambler the image you can mess with the
brightness and contrast

to make some areas have no color have
some areas with colors just really

extreme

we can switch the cue and have trend of
the bizarro land

trendy color d tiles themselves from the
tile sets

%uh that script based however

the objects the actual entities with
physics and stuff they don't have to be

locked to a grid

there's multiple layers or so

foreground layer in the background layer
in a fog later

there's just all these different layers

the you can mess around with when you
draw or

with detail sheets as soon as you change
tools

it refills speech geometry or not the
geometry but

the at the physics data sometimes easier
to hate it when you turn off all the

layers

all the year for the falls in the
lighting and stuff

there's multiple

grab the directions the you can press a
button

an oil change the direction grab these
going as you can see the engine can

handle

the a lot of shapes just so many

different physics objects can be in your
world

even with recording the frame rate stays
a sixty

ok

he replace a fan and you can see the TE
objects react to it physically

%ah basically you put objects in front
of a fan of course I'll kinda float

their get pushed her shot up you can use
that for elevators and stuff like that

leaf and

shoots small projectiles so that you can
kinda see

that it's happening other you know

trend I guess like the air his solution
by

on a spawn a player in the editor

while the editors goin' you can edit
live while you're playing

a course on a you know resetting
positions and doing stuff like that can

it can be kind of interesting but a
right now you see the player animation

isn't working

that's just a problem with this build it
actually he actually has a

a running jumping being hurt animation

basically animations for all the
different states

in this bill done not actually sure why
it's been a long time since I've looked

at this code base and just going back
over the scam

just to show what it was because I never
got finished

it's unfortunate that I didn't show it

but there's actually an object editor
where if you were to say if you were to

click on one of these objects

boxer coroner something you can actually
talk votes physics honor of you can

control its ex-wife position

you can control all the parameters an
object has including its mass in its

material

and when he change stuff like its
material it'll change the sound it makes

like when your player lands on it or
there's occlusion

this game was what I would consider my
most finished game

unfortunately it just didn't get
finished the

there's still a lot of artwork that was
requires there's we need

a level designer Ford you know

someone come up with a story in all that

you'd see I added a blood effect and you
can see it actually sustains the tiles

it won't stain the dynamic moving
objects than any other static walls and

stuff for the blood particles that can
be stained

here we can see changing grab these
direction the players feat school

basically point

you know whatever direction gravity is
going

you can see more the blood and stuff as
a jump around and get hurt

there's a you fall too far in your gonna
get heard

kind of thing like that

you can grab anything

with the mouse here I've accidentally

grad myself flung myself so far into a
wall that I died so I had to delete

myself create a new

player and everything goes back to
normal

spikes and stuff like that already have
logic for

when he touches you die others basically
there's a function run when you collider

on Clyde it anything more you put your
logic

here were setting up a turret a

colliding with his bullets course causes
pain

there's blood everywhere now birdie to
reduce its earned fires right now this

is a static turret meaning he can't to
come over

but you can also have turrets that have
physics

the you can knock over kinda like portal
you'll notice it looks kinda like the

one from Portal

right now about spawn a missile which
has a star pathfinding and would

normally come after me

but unfortunately in this build that
breaks again that was a game-breaking

Burberry there

and that's something that would
obviously need to be fixed

that's pretty much all there is to this
game

I mean it it looks like it could be a
good game it's a good engine

as it is now it's a good tech demo
there's a lot of affects there's just so

much work that went into it

but it's not really a game it's not
anywhere near finished game

there's no stories there's no

characters is just our guy and a bunch
of obstacles

that's not really enough to call it a
game yet this game is done flash

I use Unity dow um

I might finish this game because it was
just so close to completion

but truthfully I probably won't be going
back to flasher ActionScript

if I do we make this game I might make
it in unity

but I might not make it as advanced
unfortunately

because while unity does have some very
fancy 3d stuff in

lighting and all that its as for

as two-dimensional games go it's just so
it's just not on par it's it's just

can't keep up

I couldn't make what I made herein flash
I could make that immunity

the even if I had like 10 times the

time this is this what we have here

is sixty four days into the process so
basically the

two months of work and this is the game
that came out a bit

in unity it would take much much longer
to get something

similar you'd have hardware acceleration
which would be nice

but I really doubt that you could have
the same kind of look and feel

without I mean 8 on Nov work

so anyways that's the that down a game

call it that dummy because we never
actually came up with the

name for the game so yeah that dumb
again

for


